Currently in our product item component here in the components folder the buttons are part of the component.
So as the wrapping touchable component.
We can't change the touchable component that much because while it belongs around our content here and
that's also not a big problem because on the admin screen here I also want the items to be touchable
but I want to go to my edit screen in that case.
I also want to have two buttons one for editing and one for deleting.
But of course the captions and the actions should be different.
Now we could pass in this caption text here as props and rename the props we trigger when the buttons
are pressed and a more generic ways that we could use it for viewing the details on the products overview
screen and for editing or deleting on the user product screen there also is an alternative way of handling
this.
So for one when we press this component in general all renamed as to on select to have a more generic
name that makes sense in a broader array of use cases.
And I'll also change the way we receive these buttons here.
I'll cut them from here and instead output props children here which is that special prop that refers
to whatever we pass between the opening and closing tag off our own component now with that I can also
get rid of the colors import here and off the button import.
And now go to the places where we use the product item.
That would be the products overview screen for example.
There we now have to import the button component and make sure you import your colors.
So import colors from
constants colors and now go to your product item and change it from a self closing component to a component
which you've close and open with your own.
Well component techs in between these tags you can now re add these two buttons.
And now of course don't use props on you detail and props on Add To Cart here but instead add your logic
right here because now we're dynamically passing this in the product item component but therefore we're
able to pass different buttons depending on where we use that product.
Item component so now here I'll add a new handler
select item handler for example which is just a function stored in a constant like this.
And there I want to do what I previously did on view detail.
I'll cut that and added here and I expect to get the idea and the title here as our argument so that
I can forward I.D. and title here like this.
And now select item handler is what I want to trigger here on on select remember that I renamed Disney
a product item this touchable now fires just on select.
So you'll need to rename this in the places where you use that component like here and then here I execute
my select item handler here and forward item data dot item dot I.D. and item data dot item dot title
here so that this data ends up in dysfunction I'm doing this because now I can use the same item handler
here on this view Details button I can essentially just copy this anonymous function and added here
to this on press handler of this button.
So now we reuse debt and on Add To Cart.
Well there we dispatched this.
This now is removed here from the product item component because there we no longer have that prop.
Instead it's now here this prop which takes this anonymous function which then in the end should dispatch
this action.
So now the main changes that I move the buttons out of the component of the product item component into
the product overview screen component and that allows us to still do the same thing as before if I save
that that should still work as before we can tap the item we can tap.
View details we can tap to cart and that all works.
But now we can alter customized isn't a user product screen.
So there will all to copy these buttons and go over to the user product screen and in their import button
from React Native import our colors constant because we'll need that for the buttons from Constance
collars and then hear the product item instead of setting up this we need to parse our on select prop
when the item in general is tapped.
But now we also add opening and closing tax for our own custom component.
And again add our buttons here.
But instead of view details now I say edit and delete it for the moment.
I can just remove all our logic because for the moment we have no logic for editing and deleting but
that's something we can add later.
And here for is elected staff for all just the empty function for the moment.
This has the advantage that now we have our items as we had before here but in the admin section we
now have added and delete.
And this allows us to do different things by still reusing the product item component which is of course
quite nice.